OK.
So let's go ahead and take a look at the DML file so details that component out HD Ammal you will of
course need to make it anyway.
They are the first three lines.
That's old news and the rest of it has been written.
So let me just go over over it.
I mean I don't have to go over every single element here I'm sure that a lot of it is familiar but I
will go over a good amount of it.
So the very first one and this will basically be shown if there is if there is an account so NGF basically
checks if there is an account.
OK.
There is go ahead and begin to display if there isn't well don't display it.
And below you have an account description so if account text description exists go ahead and display.
Simple as that.
Not nothing new and nothing strange there.
And now down below we have by the way the call M.D to and call M.D.
And these are things from from Bootstrap which we have went over before.
And you see these classes here a detailed label and detailed data.
These are basically the classes which we will need in order to reference the specific specific segments
in CSF so that we can adjust the styling accordingly.
Now OK so here it says class the label for balance.
We can take a look at this on the site.
It says balance here.
Five hundred and sixty seven for this account.
And where it was that way it was that Web site.
OK.
So it says here balance and then Engy class and then you have a bit of a strange text here which is
something new I would say.
So it basically states if the account balance is greater than zero then text success which means that
a text will be green if it says text.
Otherwise basically just say that text danger meaning that it's zero or below zero which is a problem
because you don't want to run out of money on your account and therefore the sum will be displayed in
red letters.
And then you see the variable account balance which will be displayed.
So you see here it says 567 that's green we're good.
But if it was like zero or mine or minus five million then it would be red.
That would be a big problem going down the low going down below Well OK maybe it was actually I'm not
sure about this if it was actually equal to zero.
It wouldn't actually be a threat.
So probably my mistake there but doesn't really matter.
Let's go down below.
Class detail trends again we're just creating another clause so that we can create references for it
in the sea assets which has yet to be created
so here what we're doing is checking if there are any transactions so the transaction length is zero.
Then obviously there are no transactions so there is no dear
there are no transactions.
Create a new one.
Create a new one is the feature that is yet to be implemented so we cannot actually create any transactions
just yet this is not going to.
This is not going to be the case for us now because all the accounts they have transactions as we created
them.
OK so in case that the transaction lent length is greater than zero came from under-class restyling
This is the bootstrap class and then go ahead and create the SO description value date tags.
And you can even see the dash here.
So the dash and description ups value date tags.
That's what we created here with these Aline's right.
OK.
So going down below D.R. basically represents table row and for every transaction and G-4 will basically
create a row we have done this before so we're just creating a loop here and you will have the Deedat
ID the dot description and then right below that you will have a again as as before.
Above what I've explained it says if the value is greater than zero then you will have green tax.
If the value is lesser than zero then you will have read the text and then the value will be printed
out down below and that you have the date.
So what I'm talking about now are these things so Id description value date tag and so on and so on
that's it
here.
We're using something a little bit different.
These are called pipes and so something that you will see in general news almost everywhere.
We have the dot date.
And then you have a pie which pipes it to date and that the format of the date is specified.
So the date format is OK display the day and tell me the month with three letters so m m m
so display the and display the number displayed the day and then give me the month in three letters
so July.
J u l you can explore different formats are can experiment with it.
Put something like h h h h h h something like this.
So I don't think it's actually triple h h it's yeah it's minutes.
And then this should work.
Yep there you go.
So 18 fifty eight
OK.
So I mean just go ahead and voted back and that's basically it.
There isn't that much to say.
You also have the energy for four attacks.
So there will be a loop that will create the tags in one line so label primary and that will mean that
you will get a certain color like here.
See so they will all be in one line one after another as you can see down below it says bills and then
electricity.
It's in one single line.
OK.
So let's go over to the CSSA and wrap this up.